{choose:If there was a single smart thought in your head, it would die of loneliness.; You were born on a highway, right? Because that’s where most accidents happen.; They say that laughter is the medicine. Seems like your face is curing the world!; Hey, there's something on your chin. No, no...the third one down.; It's amazing what you've done with your hair! How did you manage to grow it out of your nostrils like that?; So a thought crossed your mind? Well, that journey must have been long and lonely.; There is only one problem with your face...I can see it.; Most people live and learn. Apparently, you don't do either of those.; I'm really jealous of everyone that hasn't met you!; They say that we all sprang from apes. As it stands, you didn't seem to spring far enough.; It's really great to see how you don't let your education get in the way of your ignorance.; It's really great to see how you don't let your education get in the way of your ignorance.; Brains aren't everything. And, in your case, they're nothing.; I don't think you're unintelligent. You just have bad luck when it comes to thinking.; I wanted to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.; I wanted to give him a nasty look, but he gave me one instead.; Wow! You look like a 'before' picture!; It's pretty easy to figure out when you're lying. Your lips are moving.; You're not as bad as people say. You're a whole lot worse.; You have the perfect face for radio!; In spite of what it did to you, don't you love nature?; I'm not saying that I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.; If I ever said anything to offend you, it was purely intentional.; I refuse to have a battle of wits with somebody who is unarmed!; You look like something that I would draw with my left hand.; You're so fat, when you tried to tap dance, the continental drift happened.; Your existence is a roast to the whole world.; Wanna hear a joke... YOU; You're the only person who thought the emoji movie should get an award for best movie of the year.; It's hard not to notice that awesome ends with me, and ugly starts with U}
{!announce {channel.id} $1 {choice}}
